README.md, before:

# MyApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Angular 15, Prettier and Yarn 3 support

README.md, after:

# Angular Template
This is the template that I use every time I need to generate a new Angular project. It uses many useful features
such as [ng-bootstrap](https://ng-bootstrap.github.io/#/home), yarn 3 etc...

This project does not include any tests because it is just a small template, but everything is ready and already
in place if you need to set up tests.

# Customization
## App name, prefixes, etc...
In order to customize the app name and the prefix of the components etc you need to do the following :

- Change the default prefixes (`my-app`) in the `.eslintrc.json` (line 28 & 36)
- Change the default project name (`my-app`) in the `angular.json` (line 6)
- Change the default prefix (`my-app`) in the `angular.json` (line 15)
- Change the default output path (`dist/my-app`) in the `angular.json` (line 20)
- Change the default project names (`my-app`) for the browser in the `angular.json` (line 78, 81 & 89)
- Change the default coverage output path (`./coverage/my-app`) in the `karma.conf.js` (line 28)
- Change the default project name in the `package.json` (line 2)
- Change the default NgxWebstorage prefix (`my-app`) in `src/app/app.module.ts` (line 20)
- Change the title of the App in `src/index.html` (line 5)
- Change the prefix of all components !
